<!--- THIS FILE IS GENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! Maintained by Pulumi -->
# How to contribute

This document describes the process of contributing. It is intended
for anyone considering opening an **issue**, **discussion** or **pull request**.

## AI Assistance Notice

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> If you are using **any kind of AI assistance** to contribute,
> it must be disclosed in the pull request.

If you are using any kind of AI assistance while contributing,
**this must be disclosed in the pull request**, along with the extent to
which AI assistance was used (e.g. docs only vs. code generation).
If PR responses are being generated by an AI, disclose that as well.
As a small exception, trivial tab-completion doesn't need to be disclosed,
so long as it is limited to single keywords or short phrases.

An example disclosure:

> This PR was written primarily by Claude Code.

Or a more detailed disclosure:

> I consulted ChatGPT to understand the codebase but the solution
> was fully authored manually by myself.

Failure to disclose this is first and foremost rude to the human operators
on the other end of the pull request, but it also makes it difficult to
determine how much scrutiny to apply to the contribution.

In a perfect world, AI assistance would produce equal or higher quality
work than any human. That isn't the world we live in today, and in most cases
it's generating slop. I say this despite being a fan of and using them
successfully myself (with heavy supervision)!

When using AI assistance, we expect contributors to understand the code
that is produced and be able to answer critical questions about it. It
isn't a maintainers job to review a PR so broken that it requires
significant rework to be acceptable.

Please be respectful to maintainers and disclose AI assistance.

## Commit message conventions

We expect that all commit messages follow the
[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) specification.
Please use the `feat`, `fix` or `chore` types for your commits.

## Developer Certificate of Origin

In order for a code change to be accepted, you'll also have to accept the
Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO).
It's very lightweight, and you can find it [here](https://developercertificate.org).
Accepting is accomplished by signing off on your commits, you can do this by
adding a `Signed-off-by` line to your commit message, like here:

```commit
feat: add support for the XXXX operation

Signed-off-by: Random Developer <random@developer.example.org>
```

Please use your real name and a valid email address.

## Submitting changes

Please create a new PR against the `main` branch which must be based on the
project's [pull request template](.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md).

We usually squash all PRs commits on merge, and use the PR title as the commit
message. Therefore, the PR title should follow the
[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) specification as well.
